This error indicates that your deployed Streamlit app on Streamlit Cloud or a similar environment is failing to start properly. The key points to diagnose and resolve this issue are:

Root Causes
Multiple Dependency Files

Your repository contains more than one dependency management file (uv.lock and pyproject.toml). The environment used uv.lock, but conflicts might exist between the two files.
Streamlit Cloud may not properly resolve dependencies if conflicts arise.
Application Port Issue

The Streamlit server didn't start on the expected port (default: 8501), which is why the connect: connection refused error occurs.
App Initialization Failure

Your app may have encountered a bug or misconfiguration that prevents it from starting. Common issues include:
Errors in main.py (e.g., syntax errors, unhandled exceptions).
Missing or improperly installed dependencies.
Environment-specific settings that aren't handled (e.g., os.environ variables not set).
Steps to Fix
Consolidate Dependencies

Ensure a single dependency file for clarity and avoid conflicts:
Use requirements.txt for simplicity.
If using pyproject.toml with poetry, remove the uv.lock file.
Check for any mismatched or missing dependencies between the files.
Example: requirements.txt

streamlit
pandas
numpy
# Add other required libraries
Check for Bugs in main.py

Run the app locally:
streamlit run main.py
Look for errors in the terminal output. If there are issues, address them before deployment.
Set the Correct Port

Verify your app doesn’t attempt to bind to a custom port (Streamlit Cloud requires 8501).
Check for server.port configuration in ~/.streamlit/config.toml or your code:
[server]
port = 8501
Streamlit Cloud Deployment Logs

Check the logs provided by the Streamlit deployment environment for errors during app startup.
Health Check URL

Verify if the app's health endpoint (http://localhost:8501/healthz) works when running locally. This ensures the app initializes properly.
Dependency Sync

Ensure all dependencies are installed with the same versions used locally:
pip install -r requirements.txt
Test Environment

Try deploying a minimal version of main.py to rule out external dependencies as the issue:
import streamlit as st

st.title("Hello, World!")
st.write("This is a test app.")
Rebuild Deployment

After resolving dependency or configuration issues, redeploy the app by clearing and restarting the environment.
